# Individual-Project-COSC-412
Idea/ Proposal 
There is a personal situation that inspired this idea and that was when some relatives were in the situation of trying to make a GoFund me Page for my cousin who has been in the hospital since July 26 but GofFundMe it did not support the Philippines. The only alternative was to either have my family and I start a GoFundMe since we are in the United States. But there is another site that does list the Philippines as a supporting country and that site is known as GoGetFunding. The idea I wanted to create was making a website that combines the ideas of GoGetFunding and GoFundMe but making it seem more international since according to TravelX there are 180 currencies around the United Nations recognize ( TravelX,2020).

According to the GoFundMe site, the countries they support are "Australia, Luxembourg, Austria, Netherlands, Belgium, Norway, Canada, Portugal, Denmark, Spain, Finland, Sweden, France, Switzerland, Germany, United Kingdom, Ireland, United States, Italy"(GoFundMeHelpCenter,2020). In addition to that one of the requirements is that if someone wanted to start a GoFundMe and they are not in one of the following countries listed they would have to ask the individual in one of the supported countries listed would have to make the GofundMe otherwise if you are not from any of the countries the funds will be refunded to the donors(GofundMeHelpCenter,2020). Another issue is that American Territories are not supported on GoFundMe. Looking at the format of the website it would have photos and a story of the cause that money is being raised for and their goal. There are many different categories which give many ideas on what you can start with a GofundMe, however even though 

The other site upon research was GoGetFunding and according to the currencies they support “U.S. Dollar, British Pound, Canadian Dollar, Euro, Japanese Yen, Australian Dollar, New Zealand Dollar, Swiss Franc, Hong Kong Dollar, Singapore Dollar, Swedish Krona, Danish Krone, Polish Zloty, Norwegian Krone, Hungarian Forint, Czech Koruna, Israeli New Shekel, Mexican Peso, Philippine Peso, New Taiwan Dollar, Thai Baht and South African ZAR (conditions apply)” which shows a little more diversity( GoGetFunding,2020). In addition to that in terms of the format it is just like GoFundMe with having a dollar amount or the currency you want to use and your goal number. There is also a capability to be able to post videos and tell you “ story “ on GoGetFunding. 

The idea for the project is to create some of the traits of GoGetFunding and GoFundMe in terms of having the capability to post a video( GoGetFunding) and GoFundMe’s written story. I am debating if this idea does fall through whether or not to license it since the intention is to make it more available to other countries. Since there will always be people out there who need to raise money for themselves or a cause. But one of the set backs is one of the sites which is GoFundMe doesn’t really have a fee when you withdraw the money but GoGetFunding does. 

Sources:
“What Countries Are Supported on GoFundMe?” GoFundMe Help Center, support.gofundme.com/hc/en-us/articles/360001972748-What-Countries-are-Supported-on-GoFundMe-. 
“What Makes GoGetFunding Different?” GoGetFunding, gogetfunding.com/faq/. 
“World Currencies: Foreign Currencies: Travelex US.” World Currencies | Foreign Currencies | Travelex US, www.travelex.com/currency/current-world-currencies. 
